= Oct 17th =
Tasks
  As we see react anti-patterns, we need to add them to the trello card in Frontier Architecture Working Group
  Gabe and Matt need to update the CRA template ExamplePage to utilize zion-ui v2.
  
Discussions
  The search team utilizes isomorphic code, and it appears we don't need to make any changes to the stack
  The proposal for Routing with Experiments and cookies seems to be accepted

= Aug 8th = 

Cleaning up tickets real quick

Zion Iterative
Dev branch gets anything thrown in quick
Before going into master, multiple eyes get put into it.

= July 11th =

SEO/Server Side Rendering/Social Sharing
  Search has a lot of SEO needs, and SSR and something to help with meta tags would meet their needs
  Campaigns has social sharing needs (which is helped a lot by SSR)
  
  Actionable Items
    Do a spike on this - Tyler
      research different solutions for this
      how much time to implement the solution
      
  Things/Gotchas to be aware of
    Emotion doesn't do the same things for SSR
    Ferenc wants to have H1s be 96 pixels. So we'd be using H3. Technically, there is a small SEO hit to that, but not that big of a deal
    
  Tyler did a little research to get CRA server side rendered
    got a little ways in, looks like there is some pieces of babel that is missing
    has a single HTML file server side rendering just fine
    
CRA Autodeploy and test app - Joey
  Automatically deploy our example app and have automated tests run against it, and track things over time
  (whenever create-react-app gets updated)
  
Dashboard of Shame - Cade
  High Priority Items
    What projects are on the React Stack (and their versions)
    What zion deps are used and their versions are being used (if the UI is good, then why not all the deps?)
    Last commit
    Metrics Over Time
      Bundle sizing
      page load speed
      Deploys over time
  
  Lower priority Ideas
    Metrics over time
      lighthouse score
      codeclimate score
      downtime/uptime
    Traffic to each app
    Status app info (are services that you're calling currently up)
    Team ownership/contact information/XMatters/what slack channel to complain to
    Frontier alerts/alerting for downtime/issues/etc
  
  
Discussed the Code Quality Metrics/Uptime Dashboard
  We chose 4 different repos for code coverage and a few for uptime.
  Mary is going to contact Lynn to get those on the necessary dashboards

  
Action Items
Tyler - do the SSR/SEO/Social Sharing spike
Mary + Matt - Capture the known requirements about SEO and the known issues/gotchas around it
Mary - Reach out to Lynn about getting on the quality dashboards


= July 3rd =

Would be interesting to have components in zion storybook to show the roadmap for the component

Tasks
Hyrum - Put a link to our JIRA project into our docs
Justin - Follow up with Clif. Make a list about the differences from sonarcloud/codeclimate
Justin - Schedule a discussion to talk about the Dialog api changes/lazy loading
Mary - Think through what would need to occur for the core team to get integrated onto the Code Quality Dashboard

= June 17th Mid-week-meeting =
  - Justin asked about getting a live version of the CRA Example App. (we should automate that or at least get the RC published up there)
    - Do we have a link to that in the docs anywhere?
  - Dan is going to communicate out the RC1 release and the slack channel consolidation in an email to the front-end devs

Why are we having this meeting?
- Instill high confidence in what we're delivering
- Get people excited about it
- Communicate info about the release

Main Points to get across
  - Give a visual chart of LTS vs maintenance mode, vs production mode, etc
  - Explain it is now released to developers, and what that DOES and DOESN'T mean for them
    - Any breaking change is fully communicated/documented and migrations explained
    - The zion components are in flux

Outline
  - Introduce familysearch.org/frontier (where to go for docs/help/etc) (Jeff to kickoff)
    - We should get someone like Jeff and a designer (Matt Spencer maybe?) to explain the change in culture
  - What RC includes/doesn't include (Gabe)
    - Announce the workshop of upgrading your profile app
    - Explain slack consolidation
  - Go into a demo (run `fr init`) (Justin and Mary)
    - Few minutes of what is on the example page.
    - Go into the code, show people where to find the examples (keep it high level)
    - What are some of the things the example page demonstrates (simple state management, forms, design UI components, etc)
    - Show storybook running for the app
  - Show zion
    - Show how storybook works in zion
  - People play around with `fr init` and hit the neopixel server

= Assignments = 
- Gabe: discuss with Jeff and Roger about where to have people report bugs (we'd love github, may have to be JIRA)
- Gabe: Schedule a dry run for wednesday


= June 13th =
- Made roles for each member of the group
  - And secondary roles
- How are we going to Demo our RC?
  - Go through the main pieces of the Example app
  - Show and explain frontier/docs
  - Explain how to make your profile app "new"
  - Need to bring food
  - Explain what slack channel to ask questions
  - show checkSetup
  - show fr init for new components
  - Explain the slack channel consolidation, and that we need help with docs every time a question comes up
  - 

- Secondary Training topics
  - Process of zion and getting
  - Explain how node is less important in this new world
  - 

- Assignments
  - Joey: make labels for each major section
  - Consolidate slack channels into frontier-office again on Monday
  - Gabe: Figure out the right way to communicate to the org about the RC1 
  - Gabe: Schedule a dry run for our RC demo
  - Gabe: ReSchedule levelup training off of Wednesday

  
= June 6th =
- The stack of testing tools we use is pretty thick. sometimes we don't know what functionality we even have access to. We need to document what we have for testing
  jest
  react-testing-library
  mocking tools
  assertions
- 


= Intro =
- Technical leaders in our frontend space
- Expectation is for each of us to Represent (their team members) and Recommend (suggestions)

= Discussions =
- i18n
  - Matt has used both moment and date-fns and much prefers date-fns
  - We also feels we should have an API/helper for whichever library we choose
  - Might be nice to have a build-tool or eslint rule to warn about using the underlying library as opposed to our facade
  - For our RC, we'll have a stub of zion-date.
- Routing
  - With the merging of react-router and reach-router in the future, we decided we are going to move to react-router before our RC
  
= Assignments =
  - Gabe: to schedule meetings every single thursday. Scheduled for 1 hour, but plan for 30 minutes
  - Joey: to make the slack channel: FAWG
  - Joey: have Tom Sanders to nix the frontier-federation group and calendar item
  - Mary: Create a draft/proposal about what we are asking from the software architect group concerning date formatting/parsing 
